Upstream 7.39.x PR for BXMSDOC-6401: 7.8.1 Release notes docs for DM and PAM (#2788)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/release-notes/rn-781-known-issues-ref.adoc

[id='rn-781-known-issues-ref']
= Known issues in {PRODUCT} 7.8.1

This section lists known issues with {PRODUCT} 7.8.1.

== {CENTRAL}

.A system error occurs when you add a deployment unit [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3111[RHPAM-3111]]

> Issue: When you add a deployment unit and manually enter GAV values, you receive an unexpected system error.

Reviewer: I think we should clarify this only happens when there's something wrong with the provided GAV, so we're basically not handling the reporting of the error well in the UI (if everything provided is fine, there shouldn't be an issue).

Issue: When you apply constraint to a DMN data type, you receive *Wrong column mapping* error alert window in the scenario simulation.

Steps to reproduce:

. In {CENTRAL}, go to *Menu → Design → Projects*.
. Click *Try samples*.
. Open *Traffic_Violation* project.
. Open *Traffic Violation* DMN file and select *Data Types* tab.
. To modify the `tViolation` data type, click `tViolation`.
. To add the constraints to the `tViolation` data type, click the edit icon, click *Add Constraints*.
. Select *Enumeration* from the *Select constraint type* pull-down menu and add `50`, `90`, and, `130` in the fields.
. Click *OK*, then click the check mark to the right of the `tViolation` data type to save your changes.
. Click *Save* and close the DMN editor.
. Open *Violation Scenarios* test scenario.
+
You receive *Wrong column mapping* error alert window.

Workaround:

. From the Test Scenario designer toolbar on the upper-right, click *Export* and export the `.CSV` file.
. Click the affected property column header.
. Select the property from the *Test Tools* panel again.

> . Confirm the alert window for deleting the values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Confirm the alert window to delete the values.
```

. Import the originally exported `.CSV` file.

.You cannot save a file when you try to rename the package from the source code [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3119[RHPAM-3119]]

> Issue: When you try to rename the package from the source code and close the editor right away before the reload is complete, you receive *Unsaved changes* alert window even after the data object is already saved in the new package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Issue: When you try to rename a package from the source code and close the editor before reload is complete, you see an *Unsaved changes* error even when the data object is saved in the new package. 
```

Steps to reproduce:

. Open {CENTRAL}.
. Open any project.
. Create a data object.
. In the *Source* tab of a data object, change the package name.
. Click *Save*.
. In the *Information* alert window, click *+ Yes, Move* and confirm the changes.
+

> You can see the *Item successfully renamed* notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You see *Item successfully renamed* notification.
```

> . Close the editor quickly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Close the editor.
```

+

> You receive *Unsaved changes* alert window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You receive *Unsaved changes* error.
```

Workaround: None.

ifdef::PAM[]

== Process designer

> .Case management properties are missing in case definition [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3131[RHPAM-3131]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Case management properties are missing in a case definition [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3131[RHPAM-3131]]
```

> Issue: In *Properties* panel, case management properties are missing in case definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Issue: In *Properties* panel, case management properties are missing in a case definition.
```

Steps to reproduce:

. Create a case project.
. Create a case definition.
. Open *Properties* panel and add any case management property.

Expected result: Case management section is present in *Properties* panel.

Actual result: Case management section is not present in *Properties* panel.

> Workaround: Set the Adhoc property to `true`. To reflect the changes, save the changes, close the case and reopen the *Properties* panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workaround: Set the Adhoc property to `true`. To reflect the changes, save your changes, close the case and reopen the *Properties* panel.
```

endif::[]

== Form modeler

.Document upload feature does not work on Windows [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3117[RHPAM-3117]]

Issue: In Windows, with the *Document* form field, you cannot upload documents that are required as part of a form or process.

Steps to reproduce:

. Set the document marshalling strategy.

> . Create a document variable in the business process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a document variable in a business process.
```
